Let's go.
I'm so happy.
I'm really happy.
Look out!
- Are you all right? - Yes.
What?
What's wrong?
- Why is it not working? - What's going on?
The brake isn't working.
- What do we do? - Let's jump on the count of three.
What?
It's going to be okay. In 1, 2, 3!
Who are you?
You are the serial killer, right?
Yoo Eun Ho.
Yoo Eun Ho!
Wake up.
Yoo Eun Ho.
Are you awake?
Yes. That was so close.
I could almost see the face.
What are you saying?
Get up.
Are you all right?
Yes, I'm all right. Are you?
I'm fine, but...
I'm ruined.
What should we do?
Yes.
We're 40 minutes away from that place.
Please be quick.
Ye Ri.
- Yoo Eun Ho. - Yes?
What? What is it? What's wrong?
It's great here.
The view is really pretty.
What did you wish for?
It's a secret.
If I tell you, it won't become true.
I have a secret too.
What is it?
I can read people's minds.
I got in an accident three years ago,
and after that, I gained a special ability.
All right.
It's true. Why don't you believe me?
I do. I believe you.
I can see your mind right now.
I know about the person that you still love.
What?
(Death Certificate)
His ex-girlfriend used to live here.
She lived in Room 301.
- Room 301? - Yes.
That day,
just before I got mugged,
I saw the man that lived in Room 302.
Maybe the person that hit me is the serial killer.
The second murder happened at Room 302, Chereville Apartment.
On that day, Eun Ho had an incident just over here.
The distance and the time frame suggest that Eun Ho could be right.
Could it be that the mugger and the serial killer are the same person?
If that's true, where would he be?
Who do you think is the person I love?
It's...
It's me, of course.
You know me.
I'm a person that you can fall in love with easily...
but someone that won't be easy to escape from.
Yes, I get it.
Of course.
You're so silly.
By the way, what were you going to tell me?
- You wanted to tell me something. - What?
Well, that is...
Millions and millions of flowers blossom
- This is so romantic. - Here.
- Cheers. - Cheers.
That's good. C'est bien.
This is great.
The sky in Seoul feels so stuffy.
Saipan, on the other hand,
has so many stars that it's nearly scary.
I miss Saipan.
It seems like you've been to so many places.
We only live once. We should do everything we want.
How about you? Where did you like best?
I...
have only been abroad to attend conferences.
In my 20s, I was busy earning my diplomas,
and I didn't have time to travel.
I see.
Millions of flowers
You became a professor at such a young age because you worked hard.
And that's how we met.
Of course.
Let's go inside.
Who is it?
- Who is it? - Who is it?
It's delicious.
Vincent is from Netherlands.
I met him during my trip to Mongolia.
I heard he was staying near here, so I invited him. Is that all right?
It's fine.
Vincent?
Do you draw?
Gosh, you've got to be kidding me.
How did you meet a Dutchman in Mongolia?
Do you even understand each other?
Talking isn't the only way to communicate.
Right, Vincent?
What?
Kyung Ae is an excellent cook.
It's great.
What? She cooked for you?
You had it too? You did?
Gosh.
Fate brought us together.
Let's drink to it. Cheers.
All right. Let's do it.
- Cheers. - Gosh.
Gosh.
Is it good?
- Perfect. - Perfect?
You must be joking.
- It's great. - Is it?
There's no more wine.
I'm sorry Vincent, but can you get us some more wine?
- More wine? - Yes.
Okay.
Gosh.
- Did you just come home? - Yes.
But you went out yesterday. It's morning right now.
That means you stayed out overnight.
Gosh, I'm so tired.
He smells of a strange woman.
Wait.
Eun Ho, were you with a woman overnight?
Why are there grasses on his back?
What did he do on the grass?
"He's gone."
"My love was taken by another scum."
"The green mountains turn red and..."
What was the next lyrics again?
Anyway. That's why I totally lost my mind.
Gosh, what's this?
I'm sorry. It probably will get stained.
It's my heart that got stained, not my clothes.
What?
No, I meant that it'll be fine. It'll come out when I wash it.
I'll pay you for laundry.
- I don't have any cash. - It's fine.
I know we've just met,
but you don't need to pay me anything.
At least, you should have this.
(Book Store)
It's right over there.
You look like a student. If you visit next time,
I'll give you a book as a present instead of the laundry fee.
Of course, I'll be there. I will.
(Book Store)
Yes!
- Ye Ri? - Yes?
Did everything go alright in Jeongdongjin?
Yes, I delivered everything you told me to.
Okay.
- Eun Ho? - Yes?
I saw sands on the bathroom floor next to the bathtub.
- I think they're from Jeongdongjin. - They must be from the playground.
Min Jung had a sports day couple days ago.
It's strange. Very strange.
It's strange.
You guys went to Jeongdongjin, right?
Maybe not.
- It's so strange. - Ye Ri.
- It's so strange. - Han Ye Ri.
Something must have happened between the two.
- Han Ye Ri. - These two...
I told you to stop.
Do you want to go watch a movie on Friday?
Yes, all right.
You want to keep it a secret? Why?
It'll be embarrassing to see the professor.
I just started working.
And you're really popular at the school.
You're the man who's going out with the nation's idol.
I explained that to you. She's just a friend.
It doesn't matter. I don't want others...
to know about our relationship.
All right. Let's keep it a secret.
I couldn't tell him.
How can I tell him that I'm crazy with my own mouth?
Ye Ri!
Yes! Hello!
- Ye Ri. - Yes?
It feels so good to be with you like this.
It does.
- What are you doing? - Nothing.
Look at the sky. It's so clear.
The weather is so nice.
It really feels like I'm dating you.
Do you have anything you want to do with me?
- Something I want to do with you? - Yes.
Something you really want to do with me.
I want to do the most normal and unimportant things with you.
I want to walk with you slowly in Gangnam...
where everyone is in a hurry.
It tastes nice.
It feels great.
Gosh, why is he late?
Ye Ri.
Ye Ri. I'm sorry.
What are you apologizing for?
- I'm sorry, Ye Ri. - I'm not going to watch the movie.
- It started a long time ago. - I want to wait for a long time.
And I'd pretend to be angry while you try to apologize.
I like this so much.
Give me your hand.
- Try. - Gosh.
I want to ride bicycles with you in Han River.
- Are you all right? - Yes.
And then, we'd lie down on the grass...
and play games spending time together.
- Ready or not, rock-paper-scissors. - Rock-paper-scissors.
- Gosh, what should I do? - What should we do?
Wait.
- It hurts. - It's bleeding.
By the way, I haven't been to Dream World yet.
I want to go to Dream World and ride the most boring rides.
I want to go on normal dates that everyone else does.
I'll do every one of these for you.
What do you mean?
You don't have to know.
You're bleeding. Your nose is bleeding.
Gosh, blood.
Are you all right?
- Are you feeling dizzy? - No.
It's fine. This happens often.
- I'll be fine. - Gosh.
I think you need to see a doctor.
It's fine.
I must have been working too hard. My body must have been tired.
But I'm still worried.
You don't have to worry about it. Let's go.
Gosh.
If you look over here,
the brake lights,
cowling, and signal levers...
have all been changed.
Did you say that the brake didn't work all of a sudden?
Yes, it was fine, but suddenly...
I didn't want to lend it to you. You took it away from me.
It wasn't his fault.
It was fine before it suddenly stopped working.
I heard that when we changed the tires last time,
you fixed all the other parts. But what happened?
Did you fix them all right?
Of course we did. Of course.
Obviously, someone else did this on purpose.
All right. Let's check again.
Follow me.
Here.
Look over here. There's supposed to be a nut here, but there isn't.
And do you see the scratch marks?
This means that this person used a spanner to take out...
this nut like this.
That person must have taken it out.
So the important fact here is...
that someone pulled out the nut on purpose.
Do you understand? Wait a moment.
Hey!
Aren't you just making that up so that you won't have to pay for it?
But who would have done this?
Who would have done this and why?
Someone broke this on purpose?
It's highly unlikely that it happened.
The culprit in this incident...
commits a crime only after careful planning.
When Eun Ho was mugged, it was accidental.
If the culprits are indeed same, he wouldn't have left him there.
He would have finished him.
So it means that it's highly unlikely that the culprit...
and the mugger are the same people.
(Highly unlikely)
I thought so too.
That was my thought as an expert profiler.
I'll tell you my opinion as a psychology professor.
I think that it's highly possible.
What?
You're being ambiguous. You're confusing me.
Was that confusing?
I can't understand the culprit's mind completely.
People who work in this field...
always tend to be ambiguous because there are always exceptions.
So you're trying to say that you can't be sure of either.
So the only way for this to end is for Eun Ho to remember his face.
Thank you for your time.
It seems like...
you're very attached to this case.
I heard that the police station is giving up on this case.
(Bath Murder of Kim Yoon Hee)
On March 14, 2014,
the first victim,
21-year-old Kim Yoon Hee was murdered.
She was my sister.
(Serial Bath Murder of Kim Yoon Hee)
Professor.
Why do you think the culprit stopped committing murders?
It's been a while since I've used my skills.
Your skills?
Yes, you'll see.
Why so suddenly?
- Come here. - What?
I can finally show you something.
- Look. - All right.
- I'm going to start. - All right.
I want the one with the heart.
- The heart? - Yes.
- Oh, my. - See?
- You did it. - I did.
See?
Gosh, you're so good.
- Let's do another one. - Another one?
That one. The same one.
- The same one? - Yes.
- Okay. - Gosh.
- I got two at once. - We got two.
Gosh.
- Oh, my. - I nearly have it.
- I nearly have it. - It's nearly there.
I got it.
- I got it. - Gosh.
- If I pull it up like this... - Just like that?
- I got it. - You got it!
Oh, my.
You know what?
During the shooting training, I shot 20 out of 20 and got a day off.
You're really good at it.
When I catch something, I don't let it go...
whether it's a doll or a person.
Especially you, Han Ye Ri.
Stop it.
Gosh.
You've given me so many things, but I don't have anything to give.
It's fine. It's nothing.
Let's say this is my present.
You've given me so many things, but I don't have anything to give.
It's fine. It's nothing.
Let's say this is my present.
We're already here.
Yes.
- I'll get going. - What?
Yes, you should.
Do you really want me to go?
What? Yes.
Go home safely.
I'll go home after I see you go inside.
It's fine. I'll go inside after I see you leave.
Go on.
What if someone tries to abduct you?
You're too pretty.
This is going to last all night. You should go.
All right. I'll go.
Wait.
What is it?
I want to remember this pretty face...
so that I can think about you all night.
I want the time to stop like this.
I think so too.
I want the time to stop...
so that I can stare at you forever.
It's nothing.
You should go. I'll get going too.
All right. Bye.
Yes.
Why are you still there?
I'm going. Go on.
I'll text you after I take a shower.
- Bye. - Bye.
Yes!
Are you out of your mind?
What are you doing in my house?
I saw everything. I saw you cuddling outside.
It just happened.
Don't worry. We're not going to tell anyone.
Do you think people won't figure it out?
I already figured it out.
Then what do you want me to do?
I understand that it's wrong,
but I can't control my heart.
You're really into Yoo Eun Ho.
But what if she comes out?
Yoo Eun Ho can get hurt because of her as well.
I'll take care of it.
Please just pretend like you don't know anything.
Please.
I don't know.
You do know.
A peck on the lips.
A kiss.
I can't calm down.
Did we have relaxing pills at home?
Yoo Eun Ho.
Eun Ho.
Hello.
I'm here.
This is a dream.
This is reality.
Eun Ho. Yoo Eun Ho.
I'm here.
Gosh.
Eun Ho, are you sleeping?
[VIU Ver] E04 Meloholic "Got to Be Careful"
-= Ruo Xi =-
I've decided...
to stop being in love with you.
Thank you. Can I go inside now?
I wasn't just joking around.
I was really in love.
But to you, I'm just a younger sister.
Am I really not attractive as a woman?
Min Jung.
If you were to cry because of another man,
I'd strangle him...
and beat him.
And if you were to get married,
I'll look into his background secretly.
I'd check if he is competent, if his personality is all right,
and what his parents are like.
That's how I feel about you.
You're more important to me as my sister.
Even if I get married, you'll always be my first love.
But don't check his background.
We're not that serious yet.
I'm in love with someone.
I didn't know the store was closed.
010 402 5147.
Add my number. From Min Jung.
Obviously,
someone did this on purpose.
Someone had pulled out the nut...
on purpose.
That's really weird.
What is it? Tell me.
This is my friend.
They've been seeing each other for a while. Maybe they're dating.
That scum. How can he date my ex-girlfriend?
Is this what all girls are like?
Do they forget easily and meet new boys easily?
Eun Ho.
Help me date her again.
You helped Byung Cheol when he made a big fuss on the roof.
No thanks. I'm not going to intervene in...
Gosh, it's blood!
Blood! Blood!
This is a terror attack. This is a terror!
What's this?
What's this? Do you have tissue?
You're bleeding.
What should I do? You're bleeding.
- It's blood. - Do you have a tissue?
- Gosh. - Oh, my.
- What happened? - What's this?
Did you do this to him?
- Why are you... - What are you doing?
It wasn't me. Why are you blaming me?
- Eun Ho, gosh. - Gosh.
Can you call the hospital?
Why did this happen?
- Are you all right? - Eun Ho, are you all right?
- Tissue. - Eun Ho.
Get some band aids.
- Get some band aids. - Gosh.
- Eun Ho. Oh, my. - Gosh.
When someone dates her, strange things happen and they get hurt.
Get a band aid.
- Pronounce it properly. - Gosh.
Why did I have to hurt my right hand?
Yes, that looks uncomfortable.
You can't write or eat with your right hand.
You can feed me.
Who would have done this?
It's not a deep cut.
It's going to heal soon. Don't worry.
- I'm sorry. - Why are you apologizing?
I'm sorry for ignoring you.
I'm really sorry.
It's only because people were watching. It's fine.
I think you'd need this for self-protection.
We're living in a dangerous world.
I searched all night to choose the best one...
so wear it 24 hours a day.
If...
I act like a stranger...
or I don't seem like the person you know,
how would you feel?
It doesn't matter.
That doesn't change the fact that you're Han Ye Ri.
I can see everything.
I see who you are and how honest and good you are.
Ye Ri.
I'm so relieved that you're who you are.
It's here somewhere.
(Map)
Gosh, it's blood!
Blood! Blood!
This is a terror attack. This is a terror!
What's this? Be careful!
Thank you, Eun Ho.
I have allergies, so this is the only water I can drink.
(Pelog)
Blood! Are you all right? You're bleeding.
Blood? Blood?
Who's bleeding? Eun Ho?
I got you, Yoo Byung Cheol.
You're probably the one that broke the scooter too.
That scum.
It wasn't me.
- You did it. - No, I didn't.
I didn't do it.
Be honest with me. Then I'll forgive you.
Why don't you believe me?
How could I?
I don't have anything to tell you.
I'm leaving.
You should tell me the truth before you leave.
What truth?
Gosh.
You're not going to believe me anyway.
This is probably enough. He won't treat me like a kid.
Did I put in too much pads?
Well, this is not bad.
Gosh, that's so small.
Are you ignoring me because I'm just a student?
If you're trying to startle people, you should have something big...
or something creative.
Gosh, people think that students don't know anything,
but we know everything, and we've seen everything.
I thought... This isn't too bad.
It is that bad. Gosh.
I wasn't surprised at all.
Gosh, you've got to be kidding me.
Don't come near me. Don't!
Don't come near me.
Gosh. Get away, you crazy pervert!
Stop right there.
Bye!
Are you all right?
I'm sorry for telling you to come here at this hour.
No, it's fine. I was so happy that you texted me.
I was just giving a shot.
I didn't expect you to answer. I just wanted to try at least.
Do you have a girlfriend?
Yes.
But I think she dumped me.
- Why? - She has another man.
He's handsome and popular with girls.
But you're really handsome too.
I don't know who she is, but she's not good at choosing men.
By the way, I promised to give you a book. Choose something.
All right.
I have this book too.
- Do you know that book? - Of course.
It's written by an author that I really like called Sarangbagi.
I really like this author too.
Really? This is so cool.
We must be destined to be.
Yes, I feel like we're going to have a lot in common.
I like this part the most.
("Two-faced Couple")
What did you do last night?
I met someone.
Who? Yoo Byung Cheol?
Why would you meet him?
You said he meant nothing to you.
- Something came up. - What was it about?
Why do you need to meet him?
Gosh, why did I have to get hurt at a time like this?
Tell me the truth. Why did you meet him?
It was because of you.
- I met him because of you. - What?
He did this to your hand and the scooter.
I went to warn him...
that if he does something like this again, I won't let him get away.
Are you asking me this because you thought I was cheating on you?
No, it's not like that.
Let's talk later.
Gosh, she misunderstood me because I couldn't hear anything.
Dissociative identity disorder.
We call this a dual personality,
multiple characters, or multiple identities.
People who have lived near patients with this disorder...
all say that it seems like...
someone else is living in one body.
Just like you.
Okay.
This is the end of class today.
- Thank you. - Thank you.
What if people see us?
There's no class here all day.
I'm sorry for what I did. Please forgive me.
I want to go. I have a lot of things to do.
I'm sorry.
Please forgive me.
- You're smiling right now, right? - I'm not.
You are.
- You are. - Don't tickle me. Gosh.
- Why are you doing that? - Gosh.
You're tickling me. Stop.
- Oh, my. - Gosh.
- Gosh, what is that? - Gosh.
What are you doing?
- Gosh. - Gosh.
- Gosh. - Weren't you dating Jae Hee?
No.
- Then are you dating her? - Her?
- Gosh, no. - That's impossible.
- No. - Gosh.
Please, don't. Please. No. Please.
What if you get caught?
We won't. We decided to keep it a secret.
But still...
if people find out...
Han Ju Ri...
She'll come out.
And she'll do everything she can...
to take Eun Ho away from me.
- No. - Gosh.
Tell us something, Eun Ho. What's your relationship with her?
What do you think?
Eun Ho.
How can you date someone...
that your close friend liked? You're acting all cute and stuff.
It's not like that. He just liked her by himself.
For me, it's not like that.
No, please.
We're dating.
- Stop it. - I like Han Ye Ri.
- Gosh. - No.
- How can you do that? - Gosh.
Gosh.
Ye Ri.
Ye Ri, what's wrong? Are you feeling all right?
- What's wrong? - Gosh.
What's wrong?
- Ye Ri. - I don't think she's joking.
Han Ye Ri.
Ye Ri.
If people get to know that I'm being loved,
the monster in me awakes.
Hello.
She's dangerous.
Run away from me, Eun Ho.
Gosh.
- What is happening? - What are they doing?
(Meloholic)
Don't move and keep still.
I'm scared of looking into her mind.
You're going to die today.
The genre changed.
But it's so different.
Are you drunk?
I know your secret.
Miss Han Ye Ri?
Your girlfriend must have the same name as my girlfriend.
Where is it?
Gosh.
Don't lie to me.
Ye Ri.
I'm sorry.